Delivery for generate-a-game-board-object (#11)
Lodigolden/Game_Site: gaming-website/docs/Game_Board.md

> # Checkers board

Reviewer: Name this the actual class name: 
```suggestion
# Checkers_board
```

Reviewer: - [ ] Updated Class name

> The checkes board class handles the board checkers object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkers_board class is a game board for Checkers.
```

Reviewer: - [ ] Updated capitalization

# Member Functions
## set_player()

>     sets which player whose turn it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sets which players turn it is.
```

Reviewer: - [ ] Updated

#### Args:
> player: If it is player ones turn (bool)
#

## get_player()

>     returns which player whose turn it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns which players turn it is.
```

Reviewer: - [ ] Updated

#### Returns:
> If it is player ones turn or not (bool)
#

# Member varibles

## is_player_one

>     The first player

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The first player.
```

Reviewer: - [ ] Updated
